Add limitation to Native AOT doc (#35483)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/deploying/native-aot/index.md

- Requires trimming, which has [limitations](../trimming/incompatibilities.md).
- Implies compilation into a single file, which has known [incompatibilities](../single-file/overview.md#api-incompatibility).
- Apps include required runtime libraries (just like [self-contained apps](../index.md#publish-self-contained), increasing their size as compared to framework-dependent apps).

> - <xref:System.Linq.Expressions> are interpreted, not compiled, and therefore are much slower than in CoreCLR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <xref:System.Linq.Expressions> always use interpreted form, that is much slower than run-time generated compiled code.
```

> - [System.Linq.Expressions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.linq.expressions?view=net-7.0) are interpreted, not compiled, and therefore are much slower than in CoreCLR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [System.Linq.Expressions](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.linq.expressions) always use interpreted form, that is much slower than run-time generated compiled code.
```
- Omit `en-us` and version number in the link
- S.L.Expressions terminology is that you can `Compile` the expression tree to either to interpreted form or compiled code.
- We try to avoid presenting native AOT as something different than CoreCLR.
